British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 4: Health, Weather and Plans.
Lesson 1: Health, Weather and Plans: Grammar Lesson 1.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen for the target grammar. Notice the form, the meaning, and the example.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a grammar task about work.
Today you will practise language connected to work.
Target language: countable/uncountable nouns.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise grammar for health, weather and plans. You will learn useful language connected to work and practise countable/uncountable nouns. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.